    The ClientController class handles all the information in the ClientFX GUI, which is used by the voter. It features
2 TextFields, one for the street address, and one for entering the city/town. There is also a ChoiceBox to select the
state currently resided in. Then there is a submit button, which takes all of that information, and sends it to the
CivicInformation class to get the county. If any of the fields are left empty, then an error message will pop, telling
the voter that they need to enter information in all fields. When all the information is correctly entered, then the
voter address window will close, and the SelectCandidate window opens. It opens with the information about the state,
county, and voting district.

    The SelectCandidateController class contains six CheckBoxes and one Button. The six CheckBoxes are used to select
either the Democratic or Republican candidate for presidential, senate, and house elections. The Button is used to
submit the vote. When it is pressed, it will first confirm that the voter is not voting for both candidates at any
level. Once all votes are legal, another window will pop up, asking the user if they are sure about their votes. If OK
is pressed, the checked boxes will send the votes to the database. The CheckBoxes get their labels from the database,
which can have its candidates update via the Auditor window.

    The AuditorController features three TextFields, two ChoiceBoxes, and two Buttons. The first TextField takes in the
the district ID of the auditor, so they can enter which district the House candidates are running in. The next two are
used to enter in the Democratic and Republican candidates. The ChoiceBoxes are drop down lists that first allows the
auditor to select which race they're entering information into, and another that allows them to select which state they
are in for entering Senate and House candidates. Finally, the first Button sends the candidate information to the data-
base, while the second Button pushes everything to the Fusion Tables. When the auditor selects the presidential race,
the state and district options are disabled, as that auditor would not need to submit that information. The district is
disabled for the senate, and both are available for the house race. When the "add" button is clicked, it will verify
that all of the necessary fields have information entered. If anything is missing, a message will pop up, alerting the
auditor. If everything is in order, the information submitted will be submitted to the database. If the "push to fusion
tables" button is selected, it will grab the database, then push to the Fusion Tables.

    The ClientGUI class is fairly simple, as it just grabs the ClientFX file, then sets a scene for it to appear
on. It also labels it as "Voter Information."

    The AuditorGUI class is almost identical, but it pulls the AuditorFX file instead and labels it as "Auditor."